 Your friend Rebecca did mention a party at Amherst tonight, do you want to go? @Pictures/Day4.1.jpg
Y Great! My resources are telling me it's a beach themed party, so I guess you could wear the Hawaii shirt that you bought last week. Either way, do you want to invite other friends too? Rebeca says it's fine. @Pictures/Day4.2.jpeg
N Not in the party mood I guess. Well, you have other options. First of all, you could see what your friends are up to, or you could be by yourself tonight. Do you want me to dial your friend's number? @Pictures/Day4.3.jpeg
YY Oh snap! Now your friends want to invite their friends too. This doesn't sound good, I am afraid you'll end up with a huge crowd just like last time. You could stop the pattern now if you want to. Are you bold enough for that? @Pictures/Day4.4.jpeg
YN I assume you're not in the mood to deal with a huge crowd. Fair enough. You ended up going with Rebeca and her friends, and the party is crazy. "Hi?" , oh looks like a stranger is trying to hit on you, do you want to talk to them? @Pictures/Day4.5.jpeg
NY The plan is to meet up in a few and watch a movie, eat snacks, do face masks and all of that. It seems super relaxing and I think you need that. That's great. They're planning to watch Love Rosie but you've seen it already. Do you want to suggest something else? @Pictures/Day4.6.jpeg
NN I am getting that you need to be alone for the night, but I don't know whether you wanted to chill or get some work done. Were you planning on studying? @Pictures/Day4.7.png
YYY Congrats on your adulting move! honestly though, I know how difficult this might have been for you especially that your genuinely like your friend's friends. Either way, they look pretty upset, do you want to talk about it more or let it go? @Pictures/Day4.8.jpeg
YYN Surprise, surprise! You ended up walking the streets of Amherst town with 20 other Smithies some of which too drunk to reason with. Now, I see one of your friends looks like she's in trouble but doesn't seem t realize it. Do you want to do something about that? @Pictures/Day4.11.jpeg
YNY Well, they seem pretty cute but it's kinda hard to tell in this crowded room. They did ask you to go outside so you can talk and hear each other. Do you want to go with that? @Pictures/Day4.10.jpeg
YNN They kept trying to get your attention for a while and then eventually disappeared. The music is pretty good and you're having fun but I see one of your friends went pretty hard on the alcohol and kinda needs assistance. Do you want to help? @Pictures/Day4.11.jpeg
NYY Your friends were interested in the movie you suggested, and you ended up watching that. You had your fun, and you were offered good food, I am glad you went for this. @Pictures/Day4.12.jpeg
NYN That works too. You ended up coloring on your Ipad, but it felt good to be around people you like. Also, you realized that you forgot what happened in the movie, so it felt like watching it for the first time. You could go back to your room now and be in bed by 11. Do you want to do that? @Pictures/Day4.13.jpeg
NNY Wow, the studious you never ceases to impress me. I would say though don't go hard on yourself. I will leave and let you focus, but make sure you have some fun this weekend. I know sometimes it doesn't seem like it, but having fun and being rested is a major contributor to your academic success. @Pictures/Day4.14.jpeg
NNN Okay, then you can listen to some music, play one of those games on your Ipad, or even go to bed early LOL. I will leave you be, but I'll be in touch tomorrow. @Pictures/Day4.13.jpeg
YYYY Oh no! They took it the wrong way and now they're accusing you of being mean and unconsiderate. They're saying that they won't come in after all. @Pictures/Day4.15.jpeg
YYYN Good point! There's no need to ruin the mood. Let them think about it, I am sure they'll understand. One other option could be for them to go on their own with their friends. It's not like the party is invite-only, but you just won't be able to keep track of everyone if it's a huge turnout. @Pictures/Day4.10.jpeg
YYNY As you should. I mean you're already here with them so at least make sure everyone gets home safe. I see that your stress levels are increasing, hang on the next PVTA will be here in 30 minutes. Find something to occupy yourself with until the bus gets here. @Pictures/Day4.16.jpeg
YYNN Minding your business is also a great option, however, I do believe that you should've done something about that, who knows what could happen. If you really think that this wouldn't bother you then you could as well leave now and go back to Smith. The bus will be here in 5, so if you run, you might be able to make it. @Pictures/Day4.16.jpeg
YNYY They're pretty decent honestly, and they seemed interested in you, and I see you have your first date next Saturday! I think it will be a good chance to get to meet them and test the waters. Awesome! I will leave you to that and see you tomorrow. @Pictures/Day4.17.jpeg
YNYN They seemed disappointed but don't even worry about that. They're probably too drunk to remember this converstion by tomorrow. Now, how about you focus on having fun with your friends? You really need this, this week has been pretty taught. @Pictures/Day4.17.jpeg
YNNY Well, you went over and took care of them, but that kinda ruined the mood. I guess the reasonable choice here is to head back to Smith. Your friend Kyla offered to drive you guys back, so how about you wait in the parking lot for a couple of minutes, you'll be home soon! @Pictures/Day4.18.jpeg
YNNN I get what you're coming from, and I honestly think that you made the right call. This has been going on for so long now, and youu tried to reason with that friend so many times. They don't seem to be concerned about their own safety so why would you? Here, I will let you go back to your party, have fun! @Pictures/Day4.17.jpeg
NYNY Sounds good, then you can just leave now and which them a good night. I am pretty sure that you'll be fully energized tomorrow and you'll get so much done! @Pictures/Day4.19.jpeg
NYNN That's fine, it's the weekend. But, if you end up going to bed pretty late you should make sure you don't wake up as early the next morning. I don't want you to be sleep deprived over the weekend! @Pictures/Day4.20.jpeg