 Today in the engineering workshop, you are asked to make a swing. Your friend Cindy is also here. You can work with her ot meet some new people. Do you want to work with Cindy?
Y Cindy is so glad to see you here. You begin to build the swing together. You learn how to drill holes together. At the end of the workshop, you build a nice swing. You are deciding where to hang it, either in the Neilson Lawn or at the engineering playground. Do you want to hang it in the Neilson Lawn? 
YY We welcome everyone to try our swing! We hang our swing on the tree in front of the Neilson Library. We are so happy to see people trying our swing. Now it's time for homework. You can go either to the library or to the tutoring hour. Do you want to go the library? 
YYY Yes. Library is the best place to focus! On your way to the library, you go pass the compass cafe. Do you want to order a cup of coffee? 
YYYY Yes. A cup of coffee makes you feel better. You concentrate on your work and finsh them faster that expected. Now it's time to have a restful sleep! 
YYYN You choose not to spend extra money today. You start to work on your homework, sometimes you are distracted from your work because you are tired today. However, you finish your work at library. Good job! 
YYN Tutoring hours is much more helpful for me. I could ask for help whenever I meet some questions. There are also other students there. We discuss and solve some questions together. It is much more efficient than doing it by myself. After the tutoring hours, they ask you to have some food in Campus Center together. Do you want to go with them? 
YYNY  You decide to go to Campus Center with them. You eat too much french fries and fried chikens, which make you feel uncomfortable. You leave early and go to bed early today. 
YYNN You prefer not to ingest so many suger today. You head toward you dorm directly. You take a comfortable shower and go to bed early. 
YN Engineering playground has powerful structure that is stable and safe to hang a swing and a person swinging on it. We don't want anyone hurt. However, we don't know how to knot our swing. We could either ask for Sue's help or search on internet. Do you want to ask Sue for help?
YNY Sue is so supportive. She teaches you how to knot and helps you make your swing more stable and comfortable. Now it's time for homework. You can go either to the library or to the tutoring hour. Do you want to go the library? 
YNYY Yes. Library is the best place to focus! You finish all your work at library. Good job! 
YNYN Tutoring hours is much more helpful for me. I could ask for help whenever I meet some questions. There are also other students there. We discuss and solve some questions together. It is much more efficient than doing it by myself. You get back to your dorm early today and go to bed early. 
YNN You decide to search on internet. You learn multiple ways to knot. It is worth to learn because some knots are useful in daily life. Finally, you succeed in hanging your swing and make it stable. Good job! While you are hanging the swing, you see your friend Chris going pass the engineering playground. Do you want to invite her to try your swing? 
YNNY Chris is glad to be the first guest to try the new swing. She takes some pictures with the swing and posts them to her instagram. A lot of students like and comment. Your swing is famous now! 
YNNN It seems like she has something else to do here. We'd better not to interrupt her. You upload photos of swing to your instagram. Some of your friends like and comment it.
N You meet a new classmate Kat. She is nice and talktative. You are glad that you have the same interests. You learn how to drill holes together. Soon, it is the end of the workshop, but you haven't finished yet. You want to continue working on it. She suggests to work on it next week. Do you want to work on it next week? 
NY You agree with her. You decide to work on it together next week. You exchange your phone numbers to each other. She invites you to order some food in Campus Center together. Do you want to go with her?
NYY Of course. You have a good conversation with her. However, you eat too much french fries and fried chikens, which make you feel uncomfortable. You leave early and go to bed early today. 
NYN You prefer not to ingest so many suger today. You head toward you dorm directly. You take a comfortable shower and go to bed early.
NN You prefer to get it done today. Kay agree with you. You continue working on it. Another one hour later, you finished it. You are deciding where to hang it, either in the Neilson Lawn or at the engineering playground. Do you want to hang it in the Neilson Lawn? 
NNY We welcome everyone to try our swing! We hang our swing on the tree in front of the Neilson Library. We are so happy to see people trying our swing. Now it's time for homework. You can go either to the library or to the tutoring hour. Do you want to go the library? 
NNYY Yes. Library is the best place to focus! However, you are so sleepy after concentrating for a while. You leave the library early and go back to your dorm. 
NNYN Tutoring hours is much more helpful for me. I could ask for help whenever I meet some questions. There are also other students there. We discuss and solve some questions together. It is much more efficient than doing it by myself. 
NNN Engineering playground has powerful structure that is stable and safe to hang a swing and a person swinging on it. We don't want anyone hurt. However, we don't know how to knot our swing. We could either ask for Sue's help or search on internet. Do you want to ask Sue for help?
NNNY Sue is so supportive. She teaches you how to knot and helps you make your swing more stable and comfortable. You finish the work early and go back to your dorm early today. 
NNNN You decide to search on internet. You learn multiple ways to knot. It is worth to learn because some knots are useful in daily life. Finally, you succeed in hanging your swing and make it stable. Good job! 